As far as we are concerned,
HTTP/2 works the exact same way HTTP/1 does.
What changes is the performance and the precautions you have to take.
You should start building a web app with HTTP/2 in mind since
a number of browsers that don't support HTTP/2 is getting smaller and smaller.
If you're running your own server or trying to
figure out where to host your web app yourself,
make sure to enable HTTP/2 there, too.
For more information on how to do that,
there's a link in the notes with instructions for
the most common service providers and servers.
In the next lesson, we'll take a look at
more security measures like cross origin resource sharing,
same origin policy, and cross-site scripting.
You might even get a chance to do some hacking yourself.最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6